Welcome dear reader! 
I'm Stephen Mao, and here are some less apparent things about me.

You can email me here: <i>firstnameinlowercase</i>.t.<i>lastnameinlowercase</i>@gmail.com
Replace the italics with their values!
(The above "encryption" and 5 personal mailboxes are testaments to my efforts and failures to avoid spam.)

Academic Interests

Within the conglomeration of computer science and mathematics I partake of, 
I particularly enjoy functional programming, programming languages, compilers, 
graph theory, and pedagogy!

On pedagogy, I think there's a lot of potential for large numbers of people who don't consider 
themselves STEM or math people to attain much more fluency and comfortability in the field than they think possible,
largely through good pedagogy (blog posts incoming about that). 



Christian Faith

My faith in Christ is the most important aspect of my life, and I think I'm in a good position
to be open about it, dialogue, and clear up misconceptions between people 
(especially STEM people, who I am, who tend to consider Christianity and science antithetical)

If you have questions/comments/concerns, I encourage you to reach out to me!

Music

Music making has been a big part of my life ever since my youth; first with classical music through clarinet 
and now with a cappella (Joyful Noise) in university. It's been extremely rewarding from the beginning,
and similar to above, I am also a big fan of music pedagogy.

In general, the music I listen to tends to fall into the category of: I "make" in this genre or would like to, or someone else introduced me to it

Various Other Things

Hobbies and activities that I have spent a nontrivial amount of time on include:

weightlifting, tennis, improv comedy, chess, and volleyball, the last of which is the current primus inter pares.



I used to be fluent in Spanish thanks to a good Spanish education in high school, which I subsequently lost in COVID. 
I intend to change that fact (and also attain true fluency in Mandarin), and hopefully you'll be here to see it!

